The Joe Rogan experience, 74.
And he's fat. And he kicked it in four days. Yeah. But I don't give a.
What anybody says? What did.
They give that guy? They gave him everything.
He's the president of the United States.
It works. They have a thing. If you give them everything, it works. Sure.
But the fat old guy.
But he's getting stuff that's very different from what you would get,
just walking into urgent care.
And see, don't go to urgent care in Encino, go to Cedar. Sinai.
They'll hook you up with whatever he's got. Do you think, like,
is he getting things that you can't get? Yes. In all seriousness. Yeah.
Are you sure? How do you know.
First thing is a trial drug that hasn't been approved yet?
They're not just handing that out at Cedars.
Is that the first thing.
That's REMS said that everyone can get that from desert,
desert beer. Anyone can get that. Anyone can get what is the other stuff.
But the.
Other thing he got was like the plasma related right. Therapy.
You can't get that everywhere. Now. Why can't you?
Because you're not the president of the United States.
Maybe the liberal media is trying to keep that from you so that you stay sick so
they can get Biden into the white house. Everything about that. All right. Now,
wait a second.
Literally last night, because I literally was like,
there's definitely so much confusion because the,
that side is ramping up the fear a hundred percent making it scarier than it
is so they can get him in to be president.
And the other side is definitely saying from Trump on,
don't worry about this thing. So it makes,
it looks like we did a good job in the economy, comes back and all that stuff.
So I'm like this cognitive dissonance, like what is real,
what I watched Tucker Carlson. He made sense for a minute.
And then I watched Anderson. He made sense for a minute. And I was like,
let me lift off into the satellite and let me just look at the world.
Let me see what's happening in the world. That's not involved in this election.
Spain, France, Moscow,
the Netherlands all opened up a little too much.
And now we're all putting restrictions back everything's spot.
Yeah. But if you want to look at other countries,
look at Sweden because they opened up completely and they have less cases.
And now they're back to normal. They have no masks. You go to a bar, no ones,
obviously it's a smaller country country. I mean, look, less people.
They live in different sort of circumstances.
They have mostly smaller villages other than Stockholm. But yeah.
They're, they're fine. I.
Know. But if you look at Spain and you look at France, Moscow, I mean,
these places, there is no political agenda in these places.
There's no political agenda. It's just, they opened up and they said,
let's go all open. And the cases skyrocketed, and now they have to like,
bring it back a little bit. It's this, the virus is a real thing,
eating all these extra humans and you know, all.
These extra human, what the? What are you saying? The virus is a real thing.
Eating all these extra.
Yeah. What is that? What do you mean.
Kind of way to describe it is that [inaudible] eating all these extra humans.
Yeah. We have.
Extra humans right now. We have way too many humans. You can't say it like that.
Well, it's the truth.
You know how sometimes you have Moss that's growing and it comes up just up to
the edge of the walkway. And you're like, that looks pretty right.
And then it starts going over onto the brick and starts covering.
We are the MAs and we're covering the bricks now and something's showing up and
scaling us back a little. Or.
There was an experimental virus that they're working on the Wu Han, what is it?
Level four lab. And it got out Sweden.
COVID lockdown says, restrictions will remain for at least another year. Yeah.
But the restrictions are very different.
Their restrictions are for really large gatherings,
but you can go to restaurants, you can go to bars, you know? Yeah.
But there's still.
Restrictions. The virus is a real thing. Go all around the planet.
And it's going to be a little bit, it's going to be till June,
by the way I heard in Denver.
How did he know that in Denver?
They're the people that told you about eating up extra human.
Tell me that, uh, this pilot was talking to me at the show and he said,
his doctor of some note was saying that, uh,
all of our pandemics, I have lasted 18 months,
despite what we try to do, restrictions, no restrictions.
It runs its course 18 months is about where the fire starts to subside.
And you go back to normal, historically speaking.
And this one and because it's a hundred years in between pandemics,
nobody's around to like give you lessons from the last one.
So we make all the same mistakes. And if you go by that,
it's about June from when this virus started,
we're talking about June when we're back to normal, which is kind of upsetting,
but kind of nice also that you have an end date. You know, it's kind of like,
all right, that's annoying.
I got to wear a mask and do all this stuff and be kind of messed up.
But till June, that's kind of nice. I can maybe make some plans. I can,
I can make, uh, a 4th of July.
How many businesses are we going to lose between now and June though?
I think that the real,
the real issue is people putting restrictions on what people can can't do.
That's the real problem is you're basically giving up your constitutional rights
and there's, there's no real protection for you this way, right?
There's no real protection for your business.
There's no real protection for your livelihood. When even,
because even with all this,
you're still dealing with other kinds of horrible deaths and
other kinds of horrible things that go along with the economic despair.
Like how many people are going to die because of drug overdoses or depression or
suicide. Yes. These have to be factored into.
Totally do. And I really get the feeling like, but there's a,
there's the middle ground between the CNM narrative and the Spock's narrative.
There is the re there's the truth. And I still, I saw it in Portland.
I saw it in,
I saw it in salt lake city performed in all these places and they are all
wearing masks, but their businesses are open. Yes and.
LA a long time ago.
Yes. They're testing. They've got the mask on. They're distancing.
Like I ate in restaurants, but you know, that's limited capacity.
I performed in comedy clubs, half capacity. Uh,
but here's the thought just because of my comedic, I.
Don't think,
I don't think that that's scientific because there's aerosol, the,
the virus is carried through the air now. Yeah.
This is pretty much been confirmed.
They used to think it carried through droplets,
which is the reason for the whole six foot social distancing space.
They don't think that's the case anymore. They think it's airborne.
So if that's the case,
all that social distancing stuff is horseshit because it's in the air.
But not if you're social distance and have a mask on.
Th th I'm telling you the social distancing thing doesn't mean anything anymore.
Gotcha. What they're saying? Maybe.
Close with a mask, but you're still in a mask.
A lot of these massive holes in them. Well, yeah.
But a lot of these masks,
like you see these paper masks that people have with the wire,
there's an opening in the top. There's openings in the side.
There's a lot of skin. I'm not saying it's not a good idea to wear a mask.
And maybe it reduces some of the droplets to go out. Maybe I'm not a scientist,
neither of you. But what I am saying is,
I don't know how much I think what you're getting is you're getting a lot of
people that are healthy and they're going out and they don't have it.
And they're not giving it to anybody because they don't have it.
And you're getting away with it.
And everybody's wearing masks and it's good to be cautious,
but I don't necessarily know if you were in a room filled with people who had
COVID and you, unless you had an N 95 mask, unless you have a real mask.
I don't know if those cloth masks are going to help you. I.
Think they work. I mean, cause look, you, you look at these.
Places, what are you basing that on? I'm basing.
It on cities where they have the mask as a, as a thing.
And they made it mandatory that you wear these masks and the numbers go to
everyone. Does everyone does what? Everywhere. You have to wear a mask,
the whole country. Well now, but it wasn't. I mean,
this was fits and starts and you know, people.
There's all sorts of weird. I traveled protests were a big kick in the virus.
That was a giant uptick. Right?
So there was a lot of people out there with no masks.
Not just that. They're just bumper to bumper with each other.
They were right next to each other and screaming right now. It's in the air.
Exact, especially at nighttime,
they think the sun kills it like almost instantly. Oh, that's nice. Yeah.
There's been studies on UV light and UV light kills it almost instantly.
So sunlight and even simulated sunlight can kill it all.
Look any pre-call it's it's, you're playing the odds, right?
You want to do all the things that you can.
So you want the steroids that Trump's on. That's what I.
Want them to. I want the vaccine.
The rock had when he was doing Jumanji that's they gave him,
they gave him all the good stuff. Yeah.
The really good stuff and shots in the.
You remember when you were a kid and you got a shot in your butt cheek,
I do those things worked. That's what we need to bring back as cheap shots.
Did they give you and your butter? I don't. I don't know, but they weren't.
And you didn't want to go back to the doctor and have some man take your pants
off and make you cry in front of your mom. So you stayed healthy.
I never cried on my buddy with.
A PMU, sticking your out of your car window to get your bags.
That would be hilarious.
If everybody's just like parked with their buck right up to their driver's side
window.
So look, all of this is kind of like it's going to run its.
Course,
but you can do things that the revealed Trump has been treated with DEXA,
Metha, sewn, an immunosuppressant steroid that can cause you fork,
mood changes. Well, there's this tweets, that's it. Since then,
I'm doing wheelies in the parking lot.
Since then people have posted online about their own experience with the drug.
Interesting and amino suppressants to that's. What's interesting too,
is like they say that one of the things that happens with this disease is
you,
you actually don't want the immune system to react too violently to
the disease or to too aggressively to the disease. So they're given,
I don't understand the logic behind that. Cause I'm stupid.
To read that article. It was complicated.
Like it made me think how amazing the human body is. This immune system,
like there's stages of the immune system.
Like it originally comes out and gives you a dose of stuff and surrounds the
virus and then it goes up and then it ramps up and then it reboots and then it
like sends another part.
It was like four stages of what your immune system does.
And because it has to be ramped up to attack this virus,
it could actually hurt you more than the virus.
What does DEXA methods sown do?
Dexamethazone is a co quarter co
corticosteroid, uh,
hormone that decreases the body's natural immune response reduces swelling and
allergic reaction symptoms. This magic medication treats a number of conditions,
including asthma,
IBS Crohn's disease and a number of lymphomas.
It is used to treat COVID-19 because serious cases can provoke an exaggerated
immune response, releasing a NAR,
a large number of pro inflammatory cytokines.
And what's known as a cytokine storm.
I've heard of that as immunosuppressant DEXA methasone is thought to
help reduce the likelihood of the body's overreaction to the virus.
Research has found dexamethasone to significantly reduce mortality amongst
seriously ill hospitalized. COVID-19 patients,
scientists have said it may prevent one in three deaths among patients on
ventilators. Wow. Interesting.
Yeah. So they gave him,
they threw the kitchen sink at it immediately and it works. Yeah.
You're the president of the United States.
You should get everything they possibly have. All.
I'm getting at this by with you here is that in these times where things
are very unsure.
A lot of times people like to say exactly what you need to do and what's
happening. Right. As long as people do this, we're okay.
As long as we wear a mask, we're okay. And I'm not sure,
I'm not sure that's the case. We're all going to get it.
That's what I think. Well, that is within that.
Is the reality of what I'm saying. That doctor saying that it goes 18 months.
But I don't know, 18 months mean everybody gets it.
You're going to come in contact with it. Right.
And some people's immune systems just beats it.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking you just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.